come the end of even this missing girl
yeah an innocent little manor who has
been a vegetarian for the past 13 years
she gloss on mother dearly for Jen's got
the Jannah Richardson guys yes that is
correct um i actually have been a
vegetarian for the past 13 years that
has nothing to do with any you no morals
or ethical reasons anything like that my
mom actually can't cook chicken for shit
fact she really hates cooking and I feel
like that hatred it just has infiltrated
home poultry specifically so the reason
I I mean I found out I didn't have to
eat chicken anymore if I became a
vegetarian so it's all about it I have
to admit though I do occasionally enjoy
a little tube steak you
there are lot of benefits to being a
vegetarian I'm not sure if you're aware
of that one of them is I have perfected
on what my friends called a walk away
anybody know what this is yeah okay well
in order to explain to you I'm sorry
ladies I'm going to have to you know
bust open a little of the feminine
mystique guys women poop shit drop the
kids off at the pool hall a Briggs don't
whatever but not me not me I do the walk
away it's pretty much the ultimate in
defecation so many vegetables that I can
just drop walk away like a fucking
Clydesdale guys I do wipe you know for
quality assurance reasons it's really
more for the satisfaction of not having
to you know
you know along with the turning me into
a dirty crunchy fucking hippie
vegetarian it's also my mom's fault that
I'm a slut your mother's journey ladies
okay Oh seriously though she um she's
really bad at talking about
relationships and growing up you know it
wasn't something that we ever talked
about I mean she and my dad actually
gave me a pop-up book to explain the
birds and the bees seriously it was
great at slumber parties like hours of
entertainment but imagine my surprise
when it's not my first penis and it
wasn't made out of cardboard that's
about the same time that I became
vegetarian FYI you know I'm talking
about sex with my mom therefore is new
um so you know she doesn't even know
what my first kiss was let alone you
know my first time so by the time I
graduated college it was going to be a
little awkward to have the conversation
of like yeah I've actually kind of slept
with 30 guys
32 actual technically 33 but the last
one was it there and it was a public
policy and I don't even like chicken I
decided that when I got chlamydia
that would be a great time accelerated
to my mom kind of like a distraction
technique no longer a virgin I called
her I'm audibly upset I'm comitia did
you have unprotected sex yam I'm sorry I
really didn't mean to disappoint you I
just know with a boy yes mom was a boil
I just oh thank god you're so you think
you are lesbian are you listening to me
I have come it honey I heard you comedy
is awful but at least it isn't herpes I
mean nothing says dreams stamp like
genital woods seriously guess who gets
condoms in her stocking every Christmas
but I yeah I just want everyone to know
though now i am currently STD free have
been forever and i'm still single so
coolly
you